nowadays if you want to interact with
the TV program you pick up the phone or
you text and you vote and if you want a
lot of information you go on the web but
it wasn't always so before the web got
mainstream what you would do is you
would send a stamped addressed envelope
if you wanted a big packet information
this means for anyone born after say
about 2000 you would take an envelope
you would address it to yourself you'll
put a stamp on it you'll put it in
another envelope and you'll post that
envelope off the TV company and a couple
of weeks later they would get it open it
put their information in the envelope
you'd written to yourself send it back
to you and then finally a month later
you would actually have some information
from the TV company now in the early 90s
before the web came along someone did
have an idea a couple of British
programs on ITV yo-yo bet influenced
check it out MC crane kick it one time
I'm sorry experimented with something
called a date of last home video
recorders when our think so over the
credits of their show is right at the
end they would put information in each
frame over the credits so the home
viewers could record the whole thing and
then pause through at their leisure
which was a good idea in theory in
practice it was a bad idea cuz the web
came along and it was a bad idea because
home video recorders aren't nearly good
enough to manage that they stutter they
create artifacts they have all sorts of
problems but who knows if the web hadn't
come along with maybe maybe even now we
have a date obliged at the end of each
of our TV shows and that is something
you might not have known
you